liquor drown my days now I'm taking
my last ride I paid the highest price you can pay
and I'm on my way to others feel
upon first grade is be
asts until the end of times
[Music] welcome back to Lady Babylon Wednesday
night bible study so nice to have you aboard tonight let
me tell you what we're gonna do we've got some real real sexy material I
mean this is the kind of cult stuff that earns the name called what I'm gonna do
is I'm not gonna take you back to any sort of scholar or any sort of
academic I'm not gonna give you an argument All I'm gonna do is show you a
source I'm gonna show you several and these sources tonight we have to
dust off the shelf we have to pull out of that book pail that scroll
and we gotta blow it off here it is people this is uncensored
tonight on ladybabylon
[Music]
thank you
tonight we're all here for one reason that's because as we're building our
case against Jesus who was arrested in a public park at 4am with a naked boy
fastest ever as we're building our case trying to explain what his motive and
his motivations were we've got to really have what I call corroborating
evidence on a trans-dimensional plane this is
corroborating evidence what is going on in the cult today if you can I could get
into a space time ship and go back and see it we'd be in the best circumstances and it
just so happens that we have dug up a spirit now tonight I'm not going to give
you spirit's name I'm not but
I'm gonna tell you that this Greek hasn't been englished since 1860
something and Dr King who englished it
whoo well he did he did a sufficient job
but this thing has been laying in a collection
it's been laying in a collection of works that were assembled we're going to
stop the door real quick on the ship hop out I want you to hop out 1920s okay
yeah I'm sorry I know you guys like the date to be all the way out in Antiquity
but tonight we're going to stop by and pick up a couple of Germans so in they come and they come yeah make
room for them Auto Kern autocurrence certain student of Hermon deals the two of the greatest
compilers and editors of classical texts these are the guys who did all of the
medicine oh my God the pharmacological stuff all the stuff on Venoms and all
the cult stuff they assembled one of them assembled right
Otto tell me Otto what is tell me photo
what what's the secret there's a what
a code a code called the orphic Vox that's
interesting yeah the fox orphica isn't that nice
um this is one of those bits that is
oftentimes ignored for centuries yeah for centuries and now we're going
to dig it up tonight and I'm gonna let you see that and I'm gonna translate it
for you and I'm going to show you a little bit of a translation because I know I know people will not believe me
about this I'm going to make an assertion now that someone is going to step forward I can see this person with
my mind's eye I can see who they are they're short they're short they have a
complex I can feel the bad vibe in them I smell
a church pew I smell a church pew and this person is going to come up it's
going to say you know him these choices
okay for those people what I'm giving you tonight are the sources and I'm
sorry congregation I'm sorry I know you're I know you're there already right
sitting very stoically listening let's get to the goodies shall we this is from
Otto Curran's collection and I want to show you a couple of
well I'll I'll let him speak for himself ladies and gentlemen
of the congregation of Lady Babylon
welcome to Hermes
[Music]
come on [Music]
thank you [Music]
you see that snake on the rod that's your salvation
this is the basis of the religions that you now follow
and this cult has Deep Roots tonight we're going to
the pontotocrator that one who has all the
power we're coming to the angel I bring you an angel tonight how does this book
of this nameless author open up I want you to know we can't hear it so I'm
gonna have to tune a little bit here it's in dactylic hexameter it's in a
meter yeah it's a song It's a song and what is the song how
does the song begin the song begins with Hermes the song begins with Hermes
and Hermes the son of Maya has come
to bring to you the good news
to those who have good hearts and discreet Minds
to those I offer the ambrosial gifts
in this my cave you will find
the advantages of all life
this is not for those who are foolish who live their
lives in ignorance
this is for those who hear
and obey the Gods
fantastic fantastic okay are you ready so you hear it you hear the calling
those of you with ears to hear you hear the calling let's get to it let's get to
it where are we going want to pull us up a text I want to hit hit us with a text
where does this come from after Hermes begins to speak to reveal
it yeah this Golden Rod what does he do he
bids us on this richly beautiful Earth to live taking delight and never having
anything to do with the ugly
whichever of you people out there whichever ones of you are spurred on by
a heart that is inspired you will go to the cave of Hermes
that place is the sacred virgin
love it love it what has he put there Hermes for us well
he says he's put there for their us these advantages you know these things
that are going to bring us Vision right so that we may flee from that mourning
full misery of existence that ends in death that we
may go from the mortality to the immortality
by this communion by this communion
now you know what we're doing we're tracking Jesus right we're tracking Jesus we've come to the
garden with Jesus we've come to Gethsemane
we're about to take a look and sign we're about to see what he could be
doing as pontotocrator
[Music] yes I am Jesus says Jesus
the amen the pantokrator
everybody said he would be coming in the Septuagint why they were using Greek
terms in the Septuagint yeah because it's not a translation we all know that
now we're going forward it's not a translation it's highly
highly technical great Hellenistic Greek
um it's gorgeous it's gorgeous if you haven't had some you should lick it up
lick it up it's got this in there oh love it it's getting me excited let's
look at the it's hard to tell you know what really makes me excited is figuring
out where these Works originated that's the fun part you know that's what
the that's what the people the German Scholars those brand German Scholars are digging up and putting back together
esoteric baby you're not gonna find this elsewhere because I don't want to sell it
yeah remember that everyone this channel is not monetized
yeah it's contractual can't keep it going
those of you with the hearts that are inspired understand we can't keep it
going if we take any money for it yes
so um let's proceed then with Hermes please tell us tell us so Angel right everybody
realize he's the angel in the room thank you
let's go hit it yes um no let's go down to the next one
please yeah I want to give you this I just want you to read look because
nobody I little voice in my head this morning said hey trying to shock them and I said I can't shock them I can't
shock them because whatever I say somebody comes along and said honey your choices you Johnny have sources
yes okay it's what we're doing the whole time the
whole time it's all we're doing focusing on Jesus remember we're investigating here we're focusing on
Jesus and what he's doing they're drugs that they're taking people please understand me they're getting totally
wasted on stuff totally wasted on stuff that's causing them to see things to act
very very strange into the psychotic Realm yeah yeah
so hold on here let's see what these christs are up to
um I just want to read this to you um but strange it's influence on the human brain I'm telling you drugs people
watch for the drugs nor can the rich disguise his hidden pain from whom the
dire this from whom the dire disease sorry
um we seek to purge sent down from heaven the human race the scourge
he likes his Rhymes thank you Dr King soon as his nostrils feel the potent
smoke I told you I told you I told you they were getting high 10 years ago I
told you they were getting high and nobody listened now the guy who critiques me is turning
around writing a book about it making money off it ah
it's funny it's like you know you know what it is
goes on the hook who knows better who knows better than the devil what goes on the hook you can put a little
bit of reputation or a coin on that day unless humans will take it all the time
right he's beautiful isn't it he's the best looking those angels they were just he's the best looking I love it
as soon as his nostrils feel the potent smoke hail Satan Throne of Throne of Asteria
as soon as his nostrils feel the potent smoke headlong he falls as from the
lightning stroke covered with foam and fierce convulsions bound he rolls and
rise and struggles on the ground hey this is a this is a time this is a
good time okay I don't know what you think that what your morals are
what your values are but this is a good time this is a good time okay bring it
back up same one oh my goodness he rolls and rise and struggles
malignant Luna oh come on man no it doesn't say that Tyrant of his brain
surveys his torture and enjoys his pain
okay now I'm getting a little bit let's get a little bit hot in here we need to
we need to tone it down a little bit it was getting a little bit I'm starting to feel it are you starting to feel it if
we had the arrow toxin you'd be able to visualize you'd be able to visualize that diamond
can you see Aphrodite can you see desire right what are the Balkans do they do
everything they do to visualize these entities
fascinating Two Worlds affixed upon each other one visible one not
fantastic [Music] wonderful let's go okay magic this is
Jesus we're still hanging in there with Jesus right put you in the mindset when you inhale
that smoke baby sends us let's go to that next one yeah
um by the way the guy's having convulsions but if a woman over its Vapors Bend
and catch the healing fumes as they ascend long pent Within by circulation
slow at last dissolve the noxious humorous flow she marks the flocks and
conscious of release what does that say
deed what does that say departs exalting
having escaped the failed disease
isn't that fantastic what do we do with these women and their issues of blood
well some of the cult people are drinking it as we've seen because the
stuff this stuff is full
absolutely chunk full of the drugs one more let's go back to the next text in
Greek please we get a chance sorry about that show I pulled us off that too quick I get that but um hey what does this
remind us of hey just look at here just look at here I want you to see um you can take the Juniper you can take
a fresh cutting the Juniper I'm translating right that's what Medea did she took
that fresh cutting oven and she baptized she look at that third line down great students
oh my God where'd she put the drugs or salmon she put him in his eyes
wait this is Medea yeah putting drugs into someone's eyes making him new and
those drugs are the okay
now you don't hear it but that's a cult word that's a cult word if we look bring
that to you you're gonna see a purification you're going to see a virgin
you're gonna see a purification and a virgin when I say purification I made a
fumigation and we are going to create her flow
we're going to create her flow she will have the aqua we tie wait a
minute what she will have on Golden bed the Water of
Life huh
interesting interesting [Music] yeah you see how that works
the essence is reabsorbed is how they said it the essence is reabsorbed
right interesting fantastic did I just hear abortion yes
she did was that kind of a holy you know like
church abortion yes it was yes it was
okay okay I'm I'm there I'm there let's keep
going I'm starting to get scared I don't know if anybody else is but I'm start you know it's intimidating a little bit
let's go hang in there give us the next text um yep give us that one
um look what what did these people do what do these people do
they walk on water wait what I gotta get this one out of them
okay here's the question here's the question nameless one what do
these people do who are engaged in the rights struck off their brains in high high
ecstasy what do they do
they what no say it because we all want to hear it we all
want to hear it we all want to hear it please please what do they do they walk
on water boom they control issues of blood
they walk on water they cast out demons
cause people's ears to be opened the
death here you mean these people who are following
the dude with the golden rod with the serpent yeah what kind of serpent is that by the
way what does our text tell us the very same text I'm reading to you
what does it tell us
as a Viper
okay do you have time for the antidotes for
us to go through let's just look at what these cultists are doing with each other let's just look at bring up that last
one again let me make sure I didn't miss anything yep no he's walking on that planet land like water like it's land
fantastic um I I forgot to say here though in this one look oh my God we almost forgot the
drugs this is the first time I've done this in Five Seasons Chewie it's the
first time it's the first time oh people you're gonna kick me for this
one look on that second line you see that cookie on us do you know where she's drawing that
drug she's drawing it from the Cooke on wait a minute
wait a minute did you say eluses how many people have talked to
you about lucis and what the ellisinian Mysteries are did you know
that Medea was using the cocaine and then in this case
in in this case she's using it to make another formula while she's singing and this one is
applied it's got the purple in it it's applied
it says right here in that text I always see it it says right there in that text it's applied to the eyes people have
been asking me many choices I said you know people are
getting drugs in their eyes in Antiquity letting your sources he doesn't have any
sources it's because you know know the sources you classes you have
so messed it up you know this stuff is brushed into the back cabinet you know what it is
do the Bible studies people have this are you kidding
are you kidding do you think the religious studies people are going to get this
no if Classics has so screwed it up that you and I don't have a modern
translation of this something's wrong right the classes are
the ones that let down I'll pull back on the religious history people I know you were out there I Know Who You Are
yeah yeah it's not your degree that matters
yeah it turns out nobody cares about your degree they don't care about your
place is it Professor or authority they don't care if you're in the Institute of
thank her they don't care nobody cares they're on the other side of that event horizon
nobody cares that doesn't give you anything
yeah yeah fantastic and I'm not the first to have had to explain that
yes it's common arguments with the Watchers do you see what they're doing ah you know what can you say guilty is
charms yeah let's go back to the text I want to give you some more cult stuff you're not going to get this from
anywhere else you're not going to get it pull up give me another text oh yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah um they these are a little bit out of order but hey they will pick up those
snakes yeah and if somebody now this is often translated kind of poopy I need you to
realize this is the thought of Simon is a drug that or a drug combo a concoction
that brings death that brings death so this is one
classification for you know drugs in Antiquity those they're the death Bringers and you can
drink a deathbringer say Jesus
you can drink a death bringer I'll show you I'll show you
you can use these snakes you can drink the stuff
it's not going to hurt you it's not going to hurt you if I were to tell you how many
anti-venoms there are in this work that I'm quoting to you now that I'm leaving nameless that I'm leaving nameless
you know why because I don't care anymore I'm free I don't care it's a source believe me or not I don't care
yeah stuff can't be sold
um let's keep going give me some more Greek up there I just wanna this is an yeah these are argia of uh of Greg here
um you're gonna know right this guy's Gonna Know and by guy I mean dude or do that
right this one will know what how to stop
that poison whirring Arrow from you know who she is she's the goddess of
the haunt she's the she is the poison poorer
now the poison poor and this guy who is in the cave of Hermes
right A lot of people out there Pretenders I see you all I'm looking at you all you pretend magician you people
I would say some bad stuff hail Satan but I'm not going to I'm not going to
what I'm gonna do what I'm gonna do is offer you this chance to leave because
I'm giving everybody in the congregation the reality the reality
and here it is here it is right in your face
right in your face use it this is fantastic um hit the text again bring us back
bring us back what what kind of person was that what were they doing should we get your head
out of the gutter okay let's go to the um this person knows how to stop
how to stop these arrows right right this person knows how to stop that
dragon that drags its belly on the ground this person knows how to
quench the EOS quench that arrow poison if you go look
up EOS you will find arrow poison we are not talking myth we're not talking myth
structures to his bottom
yeah myth on Barry Powell's
bottom with a red tack yes we're talking about
drugs and actual history and you need to
realize those myths are based as they themselves argued on people's
yeah actual people right love it
let's go back to these drug users one more Greek text I know people are saying take your time but I don't want to take
too much time okay this is the dirty one here we got to this point 33 minutes
before it got dirty now people want to know take it down people want to know what's this Magus
what is this person who knows the gifts of Hermes what is he doing
what is he doing okay now I'm gonna have to give this to you
in a way that is very very clinical
and does not stimulate us
let me tell you what is going on
as investigators you're looking at a crime scene with boys
and girls and Pirates
you're looking at a scene where people are using drugs
to bridge the gap between the two worlds that are fixed upon each other
now you're dealing with the world of initiation foreign
boys are brought to adulthood
through a drug influenced interaction
with an adult female
who is not only drugging aforementioned boy
so that he may see Aphrodite but she is as a willing vassal
accepting that diamond to bring him to the place vision
that is an initiation that is an initiation
okay let's look at some drugs see what kind of stuff their reason
bring back that same text and want to finish that off yeah um so or we gotta we have any star of it
the a theory who are a theory um I actually put this one up here and
so I kind of want to show it to you but you know it is some it equals parthenos
uh it is the Virgin on the masculine side it's as virgin as they get for
masculine right now when I say virgin I do not mean um a hymenly intact human being
right you can have a um uh
discussion of what a virgin is on a modern level or you can ask about
Antiquity and you know different times is going to change you wanna but if you
follow the Greek that virgin is the one
who has not yet carved
is how they put it and from that I'm sorry people if you don't if you don't like being compared
to livestock you know that's too bad because that's what they're doing
um they're talking about the one of the species that has not yet
produced a child has not yet produced child that's the
virgin that's the Virgin and it turns out it's an age group it's an age group
yeah it's an age group so let's go see back to the text let's
see what kind of stuff is going on why am I how do we get Divergence this is crazy tonight if you think this is crazy
write something because okay I'm look I'm doing the best I can to bring this to you and most educated way possible
are you ready oh my goodness but it makes it so hard what are these things the a theory those
are those virgin boys and what are they there what does that mean oh that's tender
flesh baby the tender flashed boys
what are they their information and you can see the word hormone on that
second line yeah see the horme these are hormone driven these people who are in the mode
you'll see the girls in a second it's a little bit scary what they're giving them they're giving them aphrodisiacs
why they say it all of this is to lead you to Aphrodite you will be seeing her
isn't that fantastic okay all right I think I get it you hear the idolatry now
that now you'll know why the great Victorian stuffed shirts said
um hey uh this word is either idolatry or it's fornication
yeah we can't tell the difference really right oh my
God I heard some Protestant in in England somewhere I heard their face
just crack at that just shatter I love that what are we doing here pull that
dirty thing up again that last one pull that thing up let's just bring it to them this is enough this is enough look
I've taken your time let me just present the evidence what is it what happens those those boys they charge up to this
Christ what do they do they they bring the surrounding in the palm
they do wait what they they like to wrap
something up in their Palm with him in their Humanity sea oh no
that's not good that's not good that means sexual desires oh my God humorous
is you know it makes sense that emeros is here because humorous accompanies
Aphrodite everywhere she goes and you say pull that down I want to give them a quick Aphrodite effect for those of you
who are trying to portray Aphrodite please please please she is not the most
beautiful goddess everybody knows who obeys and is
persuaded by the gods knows that Hera is the most beautiful
yes yes of course of course well why is Aphrodite in the whole
sexual desire thing what not because everywhere she goes
desire goes with her she's that one
that takes that desire okay I'm beginning to see and this is
important because remember we're going to these gods for all my Muslim brother
and brothers and sisters out there um remember that your ancestors if we
were to appeal to your ancestors we would appeal to a civilization that followed
Aphrodite Aphrodite and there's a little piece
there's a little piece of that a Remnant that is held on a Remnant inside the
heart of every beating human says I feel it I feel that aphrodite I feel her
yeah isn't that gorgeous I love it go to the next what else is happening with
this dude because this is what's going on with Jesus apparently the boys you know like to be around Heracles
as he tells us the boys like to be around here please all right he's got a naked kid with him
right do you have a problem that Heracles has a naked kid with him because if you don't if you do you're
gonna have to turn away from every classical statue that you see because hylas is always there he even stops his
Great Expedition on the Argo which is supposed to be one of if not
the first ship and what does he do in the region at
least what does he do Heracles instead of staying on this
great voyage that became the most popular epic before The Iliad and
odyssey yeah what did he do he left because hylas his boy got left
on one of the islands where they were right you know what happened to hylas you know
what happened to hylas he went to get to drink water and he stuck his face he's beautiful
beautiful kid and he stuck his face over that well like that and the nymph and
the water had to have him she had that [__] man
that push that drive you can induce this in someone with drugs can you make
someone really really really really really
aroused with drugs yeah and if you give them the right ones in
Antiquity you can turn this person into a Seder a lunatic
a lunatic who's in a phase of psychosis wow
wow why would you want to do that
let's go see what else is there same passage I'm sorry but this really needs to come across go back no one before
that um go back look here in the last two lines who is also there
that soft Korra that soft virgin that
quora is a little bit different because it has a it has a um stately ring to it you should hear
like Priestess virgin Priestess Queen right virgin Priestess princess
something like that for the quora right this is the this is the queen that's
what they call the Queen of the underworld didn't you guys know that I know it's going to be such a shock you
Christians that are out there who didn't know about Jesus and the naked boy right you you're gonna you're gonna be shocked
to find out there's a whole thing about Queens yeah Queen of the underworld what are
you gonna do man you thought everybody was that chauvinist no no he kicked out his wife and spoiled
the whole thing we're bringing back Eve right we're bringing back Eve did you
know that's Greek did you know it means I cry Bacchus
o look it up it's a verb in Greek there's nothing Hebrew about the
Septuagint nothing Adamas that's a dude Adamas is a dude
within the cult God why do you think the devil gave her
access right he was supposed to be guarding it
he wanted her to see Aphrodite he wanted her to see Aphrodite makes you wonder
about Cain's parentage doesn't it [Music] [Laughter]
lovely love this stuff you didn't know your background you Orthodox Jews and
you fundamentalist Christians you didn't and let's bring in Muslims too you
didn't realize that your holy books were based on Satanic Verses did you
wait I think somebody did somebody said that before I know that was it is the
Muslims one that was all salmon rush do you think yeah well the deal is
that's a fact your religions are based upon saturnian satanic Bronze Age
mystery initiation and the girl that's there the queen
she's in that golden bed and the drugs on board and she cannot
control herself now that's the oracle
that's how you bring the future and the past into the present
fantastic we've got the text let's just run through a couple more I just wanted a couple of more Yep this was that yeah
notice that where is where is really that power that power is in the hollow that power is in that holy or that that
bitterness that bite that solution that is so acrid
yes that biting solution is really where this is coming from and we know that
hole is also a poison from a serpent particularly the one that
you and I go out and put on the pole and we watch that servant of the Muse I
don't care if you call him Moses we watch that servant of the Muse bring the
voice of God yeah here he is tonight here he is
tonight let's go down to the to uh the last I think I have one more yep
um this is this is sort of long so let me just summarize because I know
everybody is tired but um there's a woman in this I just want to tell you about the top Lions yeah
yeah and who is she she's this guy's mother who's talking and what does she
do she knew a whole bunch of stuff about curing disease yeah and
um her son is gonna sing about this thing this Noble
oh fight this Noble drug of the serpent the noble drug of the
sermon are you ready you haven't your your ears cannot be worthy right none of
us can sit here and receive this information without being completely
humbled you're about to see the Venom communion
yeah you mean the blood contains the Venom yep
yep that's why that golden bed is necessary do you see why Jesus had to have a naked
boy with him in a garden at 4am when he was taking the cup
of God as cosmocrator do you see that
do you see that wow okay I think we've got some I think
we've got tightened up a little bit see what Jesus is there doing with these
sexually aroused children right so it turns out that Jesus wasn't just
arrested in a public park at 4am with the naked boy screaming I'm not a child
trafficker it turns out Jesus was arrested in the public park at 4am was a naked boy that
was high on sex drugs thank you for coming tonight
thank you for meeting Mercury hail Satan
[Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music]
[Applause] [Music] to me on Sundays
[Music]